 Anti-Wall Street demonstrators of the Occupy Chicago movement stood their ground in a downtown park in noisy
but peaceful defiance of police orders to clear out , prompting 130 arrests early Sunday , authorities said .
Occupy Chicago spokesman Joshua Kaunert vowed after the arrests that protests would continue in the Midwest city .
 " We're not going anywhere . There are still plenty of us , " Kaunert told The Associated Press after the arrests ,
which took police more than an hour to complete .
Elsewhere in the nation , police reported 11 arrests overnight in the Occupy Cincinnati protests . Police said
those arrested had stayed in that city's Fountain Square after Sunday's 3 a.m . closing time and each was
charged with criminal trespass .
In Chicago , police began taking people into custody just before 1 a.m . Sunday . Those arrested were led in
groups to vans and two large white buses as others clamored to be arrested . " Take me next ! Take me next ! " 
some shouted as police began the arrests . Others chanted as they were led away: " We'll be back ! " 
Officers had begun placing metal barricades around the area of Chicago's Grant Park known as Congress Plaza
about 11:10 p.m . Saturday , minutes after the park had closed . Afterward , police then went through the crowd
and warned people to leave or risk arrest for remaining in the closed park in violation of a city ordinance .
Several of the protesters who stayed inside the barricades in the park sat on the ground . Others locked arms
as police circled and then began arresting people . " One: We are the people ! Two : We are united ! Three :
The occupation is not leaving ! " demonstrators shouted . Others joined in from just outside the park .
Chicago police said Sunday morning that 130 arrests had been made . Kaunert said none of those arrested had
resisted . " Everybody was very peaceful and smiling and there was no violence , though a lot of chanting , " 
he said .
He urged authorities to let the people resume protesting peacefully against the perceived greed and other
ills they see on Wall Street and elsewhere in corporate America . He noted it was the second straight weekend
that arrests had been made in the park after 175 arrests the previous Sunday after protesters set up tents
past public hours . " The police came in and again took away our right to free speech and assembly , " he said .
 " Several paddywagons left and they had two very large prison buses and those are gone now . " 
Paulina Jasczuk , a 24-year-old dental receptionist , watched as her boyfriend , Philip Devon , was led away in
the night hours . She threw him a white sweater against the chill of a fall night in Chicago . " I'm proud of
everyone who got arrested tonight , " she told AP , adding she hoped they would inspire more demonstrators to
join in the movement in the weeks ahead .
Demonstrators were taken away one by one and handcuffed with white plastic ties and . Some on the scene
shouted : " This is what democracy looks like ! " 
Drums banged and some people clanged on metal . Jonathan Sumner , 25 , of Chicago , watched the arrests from
outside the park and began shouting at officers : " Why are you doing this ? "  " It's a sad day for the CPD " 
he said , referring to the Chicago Police Department .
Some said earlier that arrests only signal the importance of the Occupy movement . " This movement will not
be a serious movement until we take a stand , and getting arrested is just one way of taking a stand , " said
Max Farrar , 20 , a junior political science major at DePaul University , speaking Saturday to a reporter .
About 1,500 people gathered for the protest that began Saturday . Demonstrators descended on the city park
with hopes of making it the movement's permanent home . The group had started in Chicago's financial district
before marching to the park .
Along the way , marchers chanted " Banks got bailed out , we got sold out ! " and held signs that read " Greed Sucks " 
and " No War But The Class War " while police on horses blocked them from walking on the street on Michigan Avenue ,
leaving them with just the sidewalks to occupy .
Occupy Wall Street began a month ago in New York among a few young people , and has grown to tens of thousands
around the country and the world .
In Cincinnati , Police Capt . Doug Wiesman said early Sunday that the 11 arrests carried out there were
 " straightforward " and without problems . A protester , Aaron Roco , told AP about 30 other protesters who
remained on a sidewalk just outside the Cincinnati square during the police action weren't arrested .